Access Control Docs (#69)
ethyca/fidesdocs: pages/fides/configuration/api_access_controls.md

# User Management via the API

> Fides uses Role Based Access Controls. You can assign roles directly to users which are associated with a list of specific scopes (permissions).  You can also optionally designate certain users as system managers who are responsible for specific systems. Here we discuss how to manage user permissions via the API directly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fides uses Role-Based Access Controls which means that users can be assigned various roles within the organization that grant them a specific set of scopes (permissions). You can also optionally designate certain users as system managers who are responsible for specific systems. Here we discuss how to manage user permissions via the API directly.

```

## Available Roles

These are the current roles that can be granted to users within your organization:

> - Owner: Admin permissions

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Owner:  Full control over all settings and systems in the Data Map.
```

> - Contributor: Nearly admin, except for setting up system configuration like storage and messaging

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Contributor: Full control over all settings and systems in the Data Map except for organization-wide system configurations like storage and messaging.
```

> - Viewer + Approver: Full read and can approve Privacy Requests

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Viewer + Approver: Read-only access to all settings and systems in the Data Map + can review and respond to privacy requests.
```

> - Viewer: Full read

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Viewer: Read-only access to all settings and systems in the Data Map.
```
